AR scoping for direct vs transitive group members (#16583)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/accessreviews-scope-concept.md

### Example 3: Review all users assigned to all Microsoft 365 groups

> The following example scopes the review to only direct members of the group who are users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example creates a review of each Microsoft 365 group that contains guest users. For the review instance on each group, the review is scoped to only direct members of the group who are users.
```

    "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
}
```

Additionally, because this review is applied on all Microsoft 365 groups, configure the **instanceEnumerationScope** to specify the Microsoft 365 groups to review. Dynamic groups and role-assignable groups aren't included in this review.

> ### Example 4: Review all users and groups assigned to all groups

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be "Assigned to a group", not all groups? If so, I'm thinking we switch the order of ex 3 and ex 4.

Author: ACK. Corrected.

}
```
    
Additionally, because this review is applied on all Teams-enabled Microsoft 365 groups, configure the **instanceEnumerationScope** to specify the Teams-enabled Microsoft 365 groups to review. Dynamic groups and role-assignable groups aren't included in this review.

This review won't include B2B direct connect users in teams with shared channels. To include B2B direct connect users in teams with shared channels, see [Example 15: Review all users assigned to a team, including B2B direct connect users in a team with shared channels](#example-15-review-all-users-assigned-to-a-team-including-b2b-direct-connect-users-in-a-team-with-shared-channels).

> ### Example 7: Review all inactive guest users assigned to all Microsoft 365 groups

Reviewer: Nit: does this need to be it's own example? what if we added two parts to ex 5 - part 1 is all guest users assigned to all m365 groups, and part 2 is all INACTIVE guest users assigned to all m365 groups.

same feedback for example 8 and example 6

Author: Agreed. Great suggestion. Applied.

}
```

Additionally, because this review is applied on all teams, configure the **instanceEnumerationScope** property to specify all teams. Dynamic groups and role-assignable groups aren't included in this review.

This review won't include B2B direct connect users in teams with shared channels. To include B2B direct connect users in teams with shared channels, see [Example 14: Review all users assigned to a team, including B2B direct connect users in a team with shared channels](#example-14-review-all-users-assigned-to-a-team-including-b2b-direct-connect-users-in-a-team-with-shared-channels).

> ### Example 9: Review all assignment to Entitlement Management access packages

Reviewer: Nit: here is where we jump from reviews of groups to reviews of access packages, then privileged roles. I wonder if we should add headers to make it clearer?

}
```
    

> ### Example 11: Review all users assigned to a privileged role (all active and eligible assignments included)

Reviewer: Nit: what if we combined ex 11,12,13 in to one 3 part example, like i suggested above for inactive users?

Author: Sounds good. Applied.
